Update ref-arch.md (#1022)
wandb/docs: content/guides/hosting/hosting-options/self-managed/ref-arch.md

Consider carefully whether a self-managed approach with W&B is suitable for your team and specific requirements.

> A strong understanding of how to run and maintain production-grade application is an important prerequisite before you deploy self-managed W&B. If your team needs assistance, our Professional Services team and partners offer support for implementation and optimization.

Reviewer: Is it worth adding a `mailto:` or other link for how best to connect with PS?

- **Monitoring.** The database should be monitored for load. If CPU usage is sustained at > 40% of the system for more than 5 minutes it is likely a good indication the server is resource starved.
- **Availability.** Depending on your availability and durability requirements you might want to configure a hot standby on a separate machine that streams all updates in realtime from the primary server and can be used to failover to in the event that the primary server crashes or become corrupted.

### Object storage

> W&B requires object storage with Pre-signed URL and CORS support, deployed in Amazon S3, Azure Cloud Storage, Google Cloud Storage, or a storage service compatible with Amazon S3) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
W&B requires object storage with Pre-signed URL and CORS support, deployed in one of:
- Amazon S3
- Azure Cloud Storage
- Google Cloud Storage
- storage service compatible with Amazon S3
```

### Versions

> * Kubernetes: at least version 1.29.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Software     | Minimum version                              |
| ------------ | -------------------------------------------- |
| Kubernetes   | v1.29                                        |
| MySQL        | v8.0.0, "General Availability" releases only |
```

> * MySQL: at least 8.0.0. Choose a MySQL ["General availability"](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/relnotes/mysql/8.0/en/) release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Networking

> Egress to the following endpoints is required during installation _and_ during runtime:

Reviewer 2: Would it make sense to also add a reference here to say:
`If you are deploying into a fully air-gapped environment, please refer to our documentation [here](https://docs.wandb.ai/guides/hosting/self-managed/operator-airgapped/)`

> Egress to the following endpoints is required during installation _and_ during runtime:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a networked deployment, egress to these endpoints is required during _both_ installation and runtime:
```

> * `https://deploy.wandb.ai`

Reviewer: Please update these to be links, using the same syntax as in https://github.com/wandb/docs/pull/1020/files.

> * `https://deploy.wandb.ai`
> * `https://charts.wandb.ai`
> * `https://docker.io`
> * `https://quay.io`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://deploy.wandb.ai
* https://charts.wandb.ai
* https://docker.io
* https://quay.io
```

* `https://gcr.io`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To learn about air-gapped deployments, refer to [Kubernetes operator for air-gapped instances]({{< relref "kubernetes-operator/operator-airgapped.md" >}}).
```

Terraform is the recommended way to deploy W&B for production. Using Terraform, you define the required resources, their references to other resources, and their dependencies. W&B provides Terraform modules for the major cloud providers. For details, refer to [Deploy W&B Server within self managed cloud accounts]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/hosting-options/self-managed.md#deploy-wb-server-within-self-managed-cloud-accounts" >}}).

## Sizing

> 

Reviewer: FYI, this doesn't really matter for output, and I wouldn't worry about it next time. :)
